Well, good evening, family. Early
morning, almost, for a lot of you. I'm
going to go over some of the things the
Lord showed me in the last prayer video.
Was that something else?
When I have those experiences and I'm
able to see like that, they forever
change my life.
When you see the Father and His heart
for the people, and there's just so much
love and compassion that He has for
every single one of us.
I love my
sweatshirt—Diana
got it for me.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? I told her,
'Thanks, babe.'She got that for
me from church.
So, let's just go over the things the
Lord has been showing us in prayer.
I want Braden to play this video,
but let me pray over the atmosphere. I
need to pray. Father, I thank You, Lord,
for Your angelic host. I thank You,
Lord, that they're watching over me.
They're protecting me, Father, as I do
my live stream.
Thank You, Lord, that it's all to Jesus.
We surrender all to Him. We freely give.
And we thank You, Father, for Your
presence on this live
stream tonight. Father, we enter
into Your throne room boldly. I know
it's late, Lord, but there's no time
limit in the spirit realm. And I
know it's more active in the night than
a lot of times in the day, it
seems.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, for this
time. I ask You, Father, that it
would bless the people and they would be
refreshed and uplifted and they would
walk away changed, never the same, in
Jesus'name—uninterrupted
and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. And God, we give You the glory,
honor, and praise.
I want to show you what
happened last night. This is not a
coincidence. This is a big deal.
And am I saying it's
this event? No. But I think
there
are
never any coincidences. I'm just
going to tell you there
are
very
strong similarities
to what I saw
in the spirit concerning Trump and what
happened last night. And as we have
prayed
for President Trump, I believe the
fervent prayer of the righteous availeth
much. I want you to see this that
Braden made. I'm so proud of him. He
works
so hard. So I want you to
play this, buddy,
and show them what we prayed
over and what we saw in the spirit and
then what happened last night.
I see this glass that looks like
it
has gold at the top.
There's gold at the top of this glass.
That's actual real gold. It's like a
golden glass goblet—like crystal.
Fine crystal. I see chandeliers. He's
wearing a black tie. He's wearing a
black tuxedo again. He has
something in his hand;
looks like a drink. Men are in black
tuxedos. They're all dressed up very
nice. We pray protection over
President Trump, over every party, over
every get-together, any kind of
celebration. You said we could eat or
drink any deadly thing and it would not
harm us. All I saw was a cup with
the
gold, and I saw the drink and I saw the
food and I saw the party and I saw
everybody dressed up. And then I saw him
taking it to his lips. And then I saw
him having a massive heart attack. And
the Lord said, 'Pray over his food. Pray
over his drink. Pray over the parties.
Pray over him as he has these
get-togethers.'So,
instantaneously you can add to it and
say, 'Well, they're probably
going to try to poison him.'I don't
know; that's not what
the Lord said.
All I saw was a cup with the gold,
the drink, the food,
the party, and
everyone
dressed up, and then I saw him taking it
to his lips
and then he went down.
So
we see the gold cup.
I just thought it was pretty
interesting
because the prince was there,
and what have I told you about that man
and what have I said so many times? He's
going to come out very strong in the
days ahead
and he will
become
a big leader concerning the two-state
solution
and the things that will
bring about the
end. Why do I believe this man that was
at the White House that had a
trillion-dollar deal with the United
States of America?
That's
very
interesting. I said he will come out
very strong in the days ahead.
Braden hasn't had time to make that
video, but I've spoken it so many times.
I've warned you about this man.
So, who else was at the party last
night? Very interesting that he would
come out of the woodwork as I've told you—he
is
a rat. He's right there,
folks. And what did I tell you he
does? He met the prince for the first
time last night. They're all buddies.
Donald Trump
introduced him, 'Hey, look at my
friend over here,
Elon.'You
know, one of the richest men in the
world.
And I said Elon will create the
communication to the mark of the beast,
which is called Starlink. When I went to
tribulation
with the Lord, I told you all
that the drones fly all around the world
and they communicate not with 5G but
with satellites, with
Starlink, because there's no
5G all over the place and
it's going to be global.
That man right there, which is Elon
Musk, is meeting the prince, who I
believe, in my opinion from what I
believe the Lord has showed me,
is the Antichrist.
And that man right there next to him
will be his helper. A thousand people said,
'Brandon,
is Elon
Musk the Antichrist?'I said no, but
he's buddies with him. He will
create the beast system with the chip
and with the Starlink that communicates
to the chip and the chip communicates to
the satellite. All of it is internet;
it's all going to be part of the
end-time thing.
But they're becoming friends all of a
sudden, shaking hands,
bumping
fists. I'm
waiting for these moments,
but it happened to be on the night that
he
would be at the White House making a
trillion-dollar deal and all this is
going on and they're talking about
a
two-state solution, talking about how
we've
got to have peace. The Abraham
Accords
and the Lord said,
'Brandon,
you're going to see an
acceleration of end-time events coming
in the days ahead.'That was
a couple weeks ago.
And it will be an acceleration of things.
Agreements will be made.
And here we see agreements being made.
What was said, do you think, behind
closed doors? If
we could just be a fly on the wall,
what was said privately?
Then we see Zelensky come out
and the army saying, 'Hey, we need
to have meetings over here. We need to
talk about peace,
too.'And
all the things. We've prayed
against the Tomahawk missiles. We've
prayed against the escalation of
war. We keep interceding for things.
But as we see all this stuff
rapidly changing, folks, I'm
trying to tell you as loud as I
can—and
people go, 'Brandon, you discourage me
because
you're talking about 2028
or
2029.
You're praying about
these time
frames.'Folks,
it
is
a blink of an eye.
We're about to enter into 2026 in just five
or seven
weeks.
We
have no time left of this year.
This year is gone, 2025. And so,
we're entering into 2026. Even sister
Billy,
when I talked to her today, she
said, 'What's the Lord talking about for
2026, Brandon?'We're praying over
things; she's talking about what the
Lord's showing her and
what they're believing God for. You
know,
you've got to start now.
We cannot just wait until
what I believe is 2028. Right
now is the harvest time.
It's time for the church to wake up.
God gives the church time and time
again,
but they're asleep. He knows
what it takes to get people motivated.
Major events happen a lot,
like we saw with Charlie Kirk back in
August or
September.
It takes
a lot to turn a cruise ship.
It takes a lot to turn things, and
that's what we're doing right now
through prayer.
This is a very serious time.
I see these events taking
place at the White House
with everything I saw in the visions,
and the Lord said, "Donald Trump must
finish his race. I have much for him to
do.
You must pray for his safety. You must
pray for his health, for there
are
assignments on his life."There
assignments and a list of people from
MS-13 and the cartel and all the
darkness that we've talked about, with
them saying that they want to make a hit
list on all these major politicians
and judges and all their
evil schemes.
But as I was speaking and talking about
the
president of Mexico,
Claudia—I
warned you about Claudia
and I said she is deep in with the
cartel.
That's
how they get to the
top—never
mind, it
doesn't matter. I try to be as
tactful as I can; I have children
watching. But what
I'm trying to tell you all is the Lord
said people don't just get to the top
down there. This is something
very dark.
But I want to show you what this woman
has—this
woman has guts. This woman has
a backbone like a crowbar. She's
standing for her nation. I don't know
who she is, but she's on Fox News. And she
has a target on her now
because of what she's about to tell you.
I want you to play
this. I want you to know this is what
I was seeing. Remember what I told
you. Cuba
and
Venezuela—those
two countries for sure—the Lord
said mules are coming from there, and
there are alliances with Mexico
concerning the cartel and major
corruption with finances that involve
the Mexican government,
and this involved Santeria, and
it was a dark witchcraft over the nation.
The Lord said, "I'm going to shake
these nations and I'm going to bring a
great revival in Venezuela and Cuba, and
I'm going to liberate my people just
like I did to the children of
Israel."If
you will just believe, the greatest
revival we've ever seen is about to take
place in South America, Africa, across
the globe. We'll get into that even
more in just a bit. But I want you
to hear what this woman says that
put a target on her back. This is
serious. So go ahead and play that, baby.
The
president of Mexico is furious. She's
calling Mexican Senator Lilly
Téllez
a traitor for coming on Fox
News
with me a few days ago and
saying this: "Listen,
the help from the United States to fight
the cartels in Mexico is absolutely
welcome. And that is how the majority of
Mexicans feel. The only ones who don't
like that President Trump is sending
help and trying to support Mexicans
against the cartels are the
narco-politicians.
That includes President
Sheinbaum."Mexican
President Claudia Sheinbaum
responded,
saying, "It's not a minor
issue that a senator gave an interview
to a foreign media outlet calling for
intervention."Here
to discuss is that
Mexican Senator Lilly Téllez. Senator
Téllez,
welcome to Fox News. I'm
just going to get right to it.
Is Mexico a
narco-state?
"Yes, it is. And we all Mexicans know
about it. And Mexicans are afraid of the
alliance between the Mexican government
and the cartels that have infested our
nation."Can
you explain this alliance
between the president, her party, the
Morena party, and the cartels?
"Yes. The party has
financed—the
cartels have given so much money to
these
narco-politicians
of Morena to get into office
to get the power. So
the Mexican government protects the
cartels. That is why President Sheinbaum
doesn't want the strong American
leadership to help Mexico defeat the
cartels. And also Sheinbaum doesn't want
the rest of the world to know what is
happening here in Mexico. We are on the
steps to be the next Venezuela. She is
aligned with Venezuela's dictator with
Cuba, and we are losing our country.
They have destroyed our republican
institutions, the democratic state.
I think we all Mexicans want and
welcome the support of the United States
to assist Mexican people against the
cartels that have
us all in this
crisis with the traffic on fentanyl and
migrants."Her
response to this—and I know
this because her spokesperson came on
our show in response to your
interview—and
they say, "Well, we just turned over 26
cartel members. We're
working."It's
good enough. You get the point. This
is
exactly what we've been seeing
before any of this came out, before the
uprising and protesting.
We saw this as a family
way before. And the Lord keeps saying,
"Watch Cuba.
Watch Cuba in the days ahead. Watch
Venezuela. Watch these places because
there's mules coming from these
places."I
saw even biological things
coming in the middle of the night. Remember,
does anybody remember the dragon
that was purple, a light purple, a
lavender, and it had white around
its
eyes,
and it came up out of the water three
times?
This is symbolic. These are the things
that I know the Lord is speaking about
that are in code,
that are
metaphors.
He's
warning about something, kind of like the
flowers that we'll talk about in a
little bit.
Folks, this is exactly why we're called
to pray.
This is somebody who has guts.
She's bold to stand against
the cartel and warn about what's
going on with the corruption in her
government
because she's in danger. So we need
to pray for her safety.
It's serious. This is a very serious
issue that the Lord has showed us about
the smuggling and the trafficking of
children.
And the Lord showed us underground
tunnels on the border wall with
children coming up through California,
and Gavin turning his head toward it
like he didn't care because he knew it was
going on, but they're just going to turn a
blind eye to it. And the Lord said, "These
children are being trafficked through
California, going up the highway, the
coast all the way up, and I saw them
being distributed even out into Japan
and other parts of
Asia."Do
you remember that? Does anybody
remember that? I know we see a lot.
The Lord is so
gracious to us.
He's so wonderful that he would show us
the things he does
to warn us of that which is to come, and
we see it in part. We hear
in part. I'm not saying I see everything.
But isn't Jesus wonderful for what
he does show us?
And we know that
they are smuggling these
kids
for pedophilia
rings and all kinds of things. The Lord
told us there's this darkness,
and he said that there was a brand
new STD coming on the scene
that would make people eunuchs,
and
a
grave
infection would set in and would
cause them to rot in their genitals.
And it would be grotesque and very
painful for what's about to take place.
For he said, "You've touched the children
and I'm done with this.
And there will be a new
transmitted—"And
I saw it spreading through
Canada. I saw it spreading through
places.
Does anybody remember that? And it was
vile.
What the Lord showed me was vile. It
looked
disgusting.
And I just want to warn you all
that's not changed.
That was back in March,
I believe, when the Lord showed us all
this stuff.
And here we see somebody very important
standing and saying the exact same thing
that we heard from the spirit of God
clear back in the spring of this
year. All right. So there's that part
of it. Was there anything else you want
to show?
No, I don't think so. All right. You
sure?
I sure love you, buddy.
We had this
guy right here. Remember, he was saying
that he became a cop or something and
then he didn't
have to have a license.
I want to show you one more thing that I
think is just crazy.
This is a man that is an illegal
immigrant who has come to our country.
You
see,
if you come over
illegally, it's illegal for a reason
because we have laws of the land.
So this man right here, I want you to
see this little clip. This is
alarming. This is the stuff that's going
on—the
corruption in our government,
the corruption in the blue states.
What happened
in Illinois? This is important. You all
need to know this stuff's going on.
Go ahead and play this.
So, how long have you been a police
officer? Since January
8th.
Just to confirm though,
they hired you and you had work
authorization,
correct?
And
you
were able to carry a firearm?
No.
On duty? Yes. Off duty? No.
Location. So on duty you could carry a
firearm. In the state of Illinois, you
need a FOID and a CCW to carry a weapon
off duty.
But on duty you could.
Correct. Wow. You
know
what's crazy about this is I don't know
anything about him other than he says he
loves America. The problem is
he's not even a citizen.
So he can't own a firearm legally in
our country. But he's being given a
firearm by the state of Illinois as a
police officer. And
apparently, all you have to
have is work authorization.
That is insane.
You haven't even sworn allegiance to our
country yet,
and yet we're giving you a firearm. Now
this guy may be a great guy,
but
how many others are working in our
country as police officers
who aren't great guys?
I don't know if
that bothers
you,
but it bothered me.
That's insanity to me.
You're giving somebody that can't even
legally buy a firearm
a badge and a gun and telling him he
can be a police officer in our country,
and he's not even a legal citizen. He
just got over here and he said, 'I
started in January.'Now he's been a
police officer all this time. And I'm
thinking,
you're
arresting people.
I don't know.
Does that just bother me?
Did anybody else know this kind of
stuff's going on?
It's just interesting to me.
I don't try to be a drama
person, but I try to bring light to the
darkness
that's going on in our nation
and why we are called to pray
as a family.
The importance
of us coming together and assembling
ourselves on this channel and praying
for the nations, praying for that which
is to come. Now, I'm going to hurry
because
I've already been 20 minutes.
So, let's go over this last vision.
Does anybody want to talk about what I
saw?
That was a 'wow'.
As we were praying at the end of the
broadcast,
I felt in my spirit to keep
praying.
I just felt inside the Lord wasn't
done. But as we kept pushing,
I went over and I started going into a
different kind of
a tongue.
And the Lord told me, 'I'm going
to start to work with you with
interpretation of tongues, and it will
start out small, and it will grow and
grow, and you'll
understand when it's at a full
manifestation. You'll understand
everything in detail of what you're
praying in the spirit
just by hearing
it.'And
it will be like you press
in and the Lord reveals and I hear the
words—I
hear what he's saying in my
spirit. But in this, when I'm praying in
the spirit, he said, 'You'll start to
interpret all of
it.'But
as I was praying
two
days ago,
I saw Jesus
and
he was wearing a beautiful robe like he
always does, but he had a drum
around his neck
and he started drumming like a drummer
boy. But he was drumming the drum and it was like
a cry to come.
Last time it was a
horn and his voice turned into a horn,
but this time it was making a noise like
a drum.
But he was marching with it
and he went up to the first house and he
was in Sweden.
The Lord said, 'I'm in Europe.'I saw it
was in Europe. And as the Lord would go
to the houses, he went to each
individual home
and he was knocking on the door of the
heart of the individual
and he was inviting them to
follow him.
'Will you follow me? Will you be a part
of this end-time
army?'And
as he would knock on the
door, the people would open the
door and they would be so excited to see
that it was the Lord.
I saw these old cottages with old
wooden doors and Jesus would summon
them, 'Come follow me, come follow
me.'And
they would get in line,
one after another, and he went
to each door and he was walking through
this valley of life
with green grass all around. I
could see at the top of the
mountains—the
mountains were
massive like
the
Swiss Alps, massive, beautiful
snow-capped mountains.
And he was walking through
this valley, but there were houses all along
the way. And Jesus would go up and knock
on each and every single door.
Now, some of the doors
that he walked up to looked
dilapidated. The shutters on
the house were falling off.
They looked like the hinges were broken.
There were cobwebs in the corners.
The lights weren't on in the house.
And as he knocked on the house, no one
would answer.
So he looked around and looked at the
house
and he glanced at the eaves.
He glanced at everything. And I saw him
looking. He was looking at the ground
and he was waiting
patiently
and no one would come to the door
and all of a sudden
he turned away and just kept on
marching.
He kept beating his
drum. And as he went
to each house, the people would line up
behind him.
Some of them had shorts
and overalls on
that were German,
and I don't remember the name of them,
but these people had
nice cut hair
and
they were all excited. Some of them
had bigger bellies than others,
like all of us.
Lederhosen?
Lederhosen. Thanks. They
were wearing those because he was going
through Europe.
I don't even know if people
still wear that. Isn't it neat? But as
he was walking on the path, it looked
like a yellow brick road, but it wasn't.
It was cobblestone.
And I could see each stone was
beautifully cut as he was walking
through this valley.
There were flowers and daffodils on
the side of the road.
And there were patches of them
and they were all beautifully
blooming and so beautiful. And as he
walked down the path, the flowers would
bow down before him.
And all the flowers would lay
prostrate
on the ground, and then as he walked
by, they all raised back up.
But as our King
Jesus
walked by, even the flowers
would bow down before our
Father.
You know the Bible says that if we
don't praise him, the rocks will cry
out.
But I know that all creation gives
praise to our
King—the
birds of the air, the lily of the
valley.
He is the lily of the valley. He is the
fairest of ten
thousand.
And as I saw the waterfalls falling
off
the cliffs and
the mountains and the snow caps because
it looked like it was turning into
spring,
the Lord said, 'I want you to pay
attention to these flowers for it is
symbolic of
something.'He
said, 'Look into it.'So I've had so
many people try to help. What does the
daffodil
represent? This is a representation of
spring coming.
The Holy Ghost is telling me
a
great harvest is coming. As I saw
the people marching through the valley,
joining up with Jesus in a single file
line, following our friend,
following our king, our maker,
as
he was going through the valley.
As I watched him, he went all
through Europe
to each place.
Then he went through the Middle East,
down through Africa,
through South America, and through
America. He went around and was
knocking on every one of our hearts:
'Will you let me in?
Will you accept me as Lord and
Savior?'But
he was a gentleman about it. He
waited a little bit.
He looked around
to see if the person would answer the
door, but he didn't force his way in.
He didn't knock the door down and say,
'You're getting saved, buddy. Get out
here. Come on. We're going.'He waited
patiently to see if they would answer.
But as he waited, he sat there with
expectation on his face.
'Will you just let me in?
I want to be your savior. I want you to
follow me.
Come follow me.'I figured this is
how he did it with the disciples.
'Come follow me. I'll make you a fisher
of men.
Come follow me,
Matthew.'And
as he would go through the towns
and the places, the disciples followed
him. 'Will you be a disciple of Jesus
Christ?'That's
what I believe that
vision was. It was so beautiful and
so detailed.
It changed me.
But as it kept going,
I heard, 'Woe, woe, woe, America. Woe,
woe, woe,
Miami.
Woe,
woe,
Los Angeles.'I saw a tsunami wave
coming.
I saw great destruction coming.
There was an arrow that
went from Miami all the way across the
country to Los Angeles.
As I was looking into this vision
that the Lord was allowing me to see,
I saw dead fish everywhere.
I have never seen
anything like this before.
The very waters were all polluted
with a red sludge.
There were so many dead fish, whales,
octopus—all
of
it.
Everything
was
floating on the top.
Disgusting.
All dead. It
was
as far as the eye could see. It
wasn't just on the shoreline,
but they were dead all throughout the
water. The water was littered with dead
fish.
I don't think any of them were alive.
In the vision, I
saw islands:
Haiti,
Jamaica,
Grand Cayman, all of them. I was looking
toward
the
south-southeast.
As I was looking down,
I could see the people, and there was so
much stench
and a raw flesh smell.
People were so sick
on those islands
because of all the dead fish. It was
causing disease
and
the smell. You could smell it in
the vision. That's how
tangible this vision was.
I could see the dead fish
washing on the shore,
and the government didn't know what to
do with them.
People didn't know what to do because they were all
washing in and you couldn't control it. There
were literally hundreds of
millions,
if not billions, of dead fish
everywhere—even
Hawaii, Honolulu.
I saw it all over. Then I saw Mark
Zuckerberg, but his hair was a lot
puffier.
He was down in a bunker in the middle
of the island.
He was down in a
fraidy
hole, like a
silo. I could see lights on around
him.
But as I panned across, the Lord allowed
me to see people hiding in caves.
I heard,
'The great and terrible day of the
Lord.'Suddenly,
I
saw
farmers, and they had their overalls,
but
all the land was not producing.
There was great drought
and
famine.
I could see them looking toward the
south
and
the east, but
they had a discouragement upon their
faces like, 'What are we going to
do?'As
I looked to the sky, I saw the
sky all around us was on
fire. There was smoke
and
ash
and flame in the air from volcanoes that
were going off everywhere.
I could see the smoke blotting
out the sun, but the sun
was
trying to shine through.
The ground was charred.
Something
looked wrong
with
the ground in
this vision.
As I looked to the east, I saw four
massive angels in
the water.
I saw
a massive waterfall coming out of the
belly of the angels,
pouring into the water
below. The water
was going into
the oceans.
Their skin was
not skin; it looked like rain. You
know whenever you see
rain falling in the distance, and you can see
blue streaks in the
sky?
That's the way the skin looked on these
angels.
There was no
real tangibility;
it was all rain, but there was
an
outline. The entire being of
the angel was rain,
a storm,
and there was a major waterfall coming
out of them,
pouring into
the ocean.
I knew they were angels.
Their faces had no features—it was just
black around their
eyes.
You could get lost in
that
darkness.
I've never seen anything like it.
I saw one angel
take a long pipe from his
hand and
put it to his
lips. As he blew into this
horn-looking thing,
I said, 'It doesn't look like a ram's
horn, like a
shofar.'It
was a long piece of golden
pipe.
As he blew into it, the whole earth
shook.
Not just one place had an earthquake,
but as he blew
into this horn, all of the earth shook
at once. I heard the scripture: 'The
earth will rock and reel like a
drunkard.'The
whole earth was trembling.
He said, 'There will be no place to hide
to escape the wrath to come,
son.
For they will hide in the caves and
in their ditches, and they will
not get away from the wrath which is to
come.
For this is the great and terrible day
of the
Lord.'As
I looked across,
I could see all of New York burning with
fire.
I could see a tsunami wave rushing into
Miami. I could see all of the volcanoes
in Hawaii going off at once.
It
was
mass destruction.
The whole earth was shaking
violently,
and they were wanting to hide in the
caves and the rocks. They were fearful,
but there was nothing they could do
because the judgment was
set.
Dead fish were everywhere.
There were no birds flying in the air
because
of
the
smoke.
The grass was
charred;
everything looked burned up.
I looked around at those farmers in
their overalls,
and they were
very worried.
This
really bothered me.
I didn't want to do
a livestream last night. I told Diana,
'I'm going
to meditate on this more
and pray.
Don't be so quick to make
videos.'I
had
to
process what I'd seen.
I saw
those angels and they really
tripped me out.
Diana
said, 'I want to read
Revelation
to you,
chapter
8.'She
said there were four angels,
and
seven
altogether,
but four first
and then three
for a later time.
And she goes, "Do you think this is what
you were seeing, honey?"I said,
"I don't know, babe. All I
know is I saw these angels blowing these
horns and all this stuff going
on."She
goes, "Do you think it was the four
coming out of the Euphrates River
because
they were
water?"So,
I don't know.
All I know is that I am
in awe.
I'm in awe
that God would allow me to see something
like that.
I thought it was really cool about the
souls and all this stuff, but when I saw
all this stuff happening with the sea
again—the
sea—and
then the seas
and the waves will roar.
Remember that?
And it was above the water;
it was a sound.
It wasn't that they
were
moving;
it was deafeningly loud as the angel blew
his horn.
It was something upon the
water. It sounded like
you hear a tornado
or a freight train.
You can hear a train coming in the
distance—that
loud train
coming,
not the horn. It
sounded
like a loud noise,
but it was deafening.
It was so loud, and it was on the
face of the water of the world.
The seas and the waves were
roaring. It was loud; it was a noise.
All
I
know to tell you
is that we're running out of time.
As I see these things and I see the days
approach, the Lord keeps warning me
to tell you over and over again: it's
time for you to come to Jesus.
I say it over and over again and people
say, "Brandon, why do you keep doing
this?"Because
there's an urgency in my spirit to warn
you over and over again
that you're running out of time. I don't
know the time frame that Jesus Christ
will come. No man knows the day or the
hour, but we see that the time frame is
speeding up. We can see, we can feel it.
There's an urgency in the air.
And my question for you is: do you know
him?
But more importantly,
does he know you?
I say this over and over again because
it's so important as we keep
going on with this channel
and the Lord keeps showing us things
more and more.
It shakes me, and I have such an urgency
to warn the people that 2026 will be the
year of 1 Corinthians
5:5.
And there will be so many people
that have the seedtime and
harvest accelerated
that he doesn't want any of us to go to
hell.
He wants all of us to come to
repentance.
And it's time for the church to wake up
because he said to me again,
"Judgment begins in my house first.
Brandon,
judgment begins in my house first. It's
time to come to Jesus.
It's time."But he is knocking on your
heart even again tonight.
Do you know my friend Jesus?
You may be here tonight and you say,
"Brandon, I hear you and you
really scared me."I'm not trying to
scare you. I'm trying to prepare you.
I'm trying to tell you of what's to come.
And if you don't know my friend Jesus,
you're in trouble.
The Bible said there's no other way to
the Father except through him.
People said, "Brandon, I want to serve
Buddha and Jesus."I got the emails this
way.
"I want to serve Buddha and Jesus.
I love Buddha and I love Jesus. Can I
serve
both?"And
my answer to you
is: no,
you can't. There are no other gods
before him.
Even the Ten Commandments—everything that the
Bible says—God is a jealous God. It's
all about him. You serve Jesus only.
There are no other gods before him. Those
are false gods. He is the one and only
God. He is true God.
Buddha is a false god.
Muhammad is a false god.
Jesus is the only way.
So my answer to you is no. You cannot
serve Buddha and Jesus. Why would you
want to? Buddha's dead. Jesus is alive.
Muhammad's dead. Jesus is alive.
He rose again. He died for you. He
suffered greatly so that you don't have
to go to hell.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun.
You must know Jesus. It's appointed unto
man once to die and after that
the
judgment.
So my question to you tonight: do you
know him?
And if you don't,
I want to say a simple prayer for you.
It's easy.
But tonight, the Lord is knocking on
your heart.
He's giving you an opportunity to come
to him.
After I tell you all that, how could you
not? He loves you.
He's knocking on the door of your heart.
He's saying, "Will you let me in?
Or will you be one of the ones that
didn't open the door for
him?"So,
tonight, I'm going to say a simple
prayer for you,
but I want you to be bold about your
decision.
I want you to tell us in the comment
section down below; tell
us right now, "I want to be saved.
I want Jesus to be my Lord and personal
Savior.
I want to sell out to him tonight.
I want to turn my back on the world.
I'm ready. Tonight's my
night."Tonight's
your night for salvation.
The very shoes you put on today
that you thought you were going to go home
in
that night, the undertaker might be
taking them off that night. No one is
promised tomorrow.
No one is promised the next five hours from
now.
I'm telling you
it's time to come to Jesus today. You're
running out of time.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer
and I want you to say it with me. Say,
"Jesus,
I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner
and I need a savior.
I want you to forgive me of my sins.
Forgive me for all I've done. Forgive me
for all the wrong I've done, for all the
things I've done bad.
Wash me. Make me clean.
Jesus,
from this day forward, I turn my back on
the devil.
I turn my back on the world. I turn my
back on my sin. And from this day
forward, Lord, I serve you with all my
heart.
I'll serve you, Father. I make you my
Lord and personal Savior. From this day
forward, I'm sold out
to you,
and I want you to be the captain of my
ship.
Thank you, Father.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven
me.
Thank you, Lord, that you've given me a
fresh, clean start
in Jesus'mighty name.
Amen."I
believe if you just said that prayer,
you just got born again.
Now, what do you do? You find a
Bible-believing church. My wife and I
go to a non-denominational
church. We have an amazing church. We
love to go to Glorious Church
Fellowship. Pastor Chip and Candace, we
attend there a lot. And I love our
pastors. I want you to find a good
Bible-believing church.
Get plugged in there. Tell the
pastor wherever you choose to go,
"I want to be water
baptized."Get
water baptized.
Get plugged in there. Go Wednesdays, go
Sundays, wherever you go. Go to
prayer. Whatever they have, get plugged
in. Get excited about your walk with the
Lord, for you just made the greatest
decision ever. Now read your Bible.
Pray every day. Come on in here and pray
with us. I've got like 400 videos
now.
You can go back in my archives and watch
them and pray and just feed your
spirit. We're all
a
work in progress, folks. When we stumble
and we fall, if we skin our
knees again, we don't run from God when
we sin. We run to God.
The moment you mess up and
sin, your sin is none of the
devil's business from now on. You
belong to Jesus.
So you say, "Hey,
I messed up. Father, I need
help."He's
an ever-present help in a time of
need.
He'll never leave you and he'll never
forsake you. Lo, unto the end of the
earth, he said he'd be with us always.
We run to God when we sin. We don't run
from him.
So,
that's what I want to tell y'all. Now,
if you can't
afford a Bible,
we want to celebrate your
decision tonight to accept Jesus Christ.
We're a little behind. There's been a
lot of salvations lately,
so I want you to be patient, but we
will get you your Bible.
Go and email us down below. Say, "I just
got born again."Now, this is not giving
out Bibles to people just
because you want one and
you want me to autograph it. There's
people saying, 'Please autograph the
Bible.'I've
been watching your
channel. No, this is for people
who got born again on the channel
and have given their heart to Jesus
Christ through my ministry. And we want
to give it—not that I'm giving you a
hundred
Bibles so you can give it out to people
on the streets. That's not what I'm
saying because there's so many
of you doing that. I want to tell you
we're doing this for the people who
got saved and born again on this
channel. So, we want to be a blessing to
those
who got saved and born again on the
channel, not for the people who want to
give Bibles out to the streets. Now, you
can talk to your local pastor or
wherever you go and ask them to
support that. But my wife and
I are
able to financially afford the
people who are coming to our
channel to get saved and be a
part of this. So, I don't mean
any
disrespect, but I'm just letting you
all
know we love you and we understand
your heart. We're excited you're
excited about giving out Bibles
to
people. So, that's what we had to say.
But all 49 of you,
thank you. We're excited and welcome to
the family. Welcome to the family. God
bless you all. Isn't that exciting,
Braden? Yeah. The devil just lost a
great sinner tonight.
The
devil just lost a good sinner.
All 49 of you that gave your heart to
Jesus Christ,
thank you for watching and thank you
for being here. Now, we're going to go
to the other part of this. Who wants to
go tubing for a little bit? It's not
real late.
I did that pretty
quick—all
5200 of you. 46 minutes or so.
Almost an hour.
It's
50 minutes,
but I went over the video really good
for you.
So, did that bless you all? You got to
hear; I got to give you more detail.
Hopefully, it did. It blessed me. Boy,
I told Diana, I said that was wow. It
shook me inside.
Those four angels were spooky.
I was thinking, 'What in the world is
that
angel skin that looks like
rain?'And
the four doves. That was
interesting.
Oh, and the four doves again. I saw the
four doves
and
they were circling. And
you know what's interesting about these
four doves? Every single time I see
these four doves, they're lit up with
glory.
The light is shining on them and they
are almost like they're
transparent. They're so bright with the
glory. They're shining and they do a
dance and they circle like a tornado.
And one is going here and the other. And
they go in and out
like that. All four. And they all do
like this. And when they get halfway
down, they dispatch. They go
and they disappear like that.
Every single time.
And I think that's pretty cool.
I always look at it and go, 'Man, when
I'm looking at that vision, I'm like,
what are those doves
doing?'But
they all are spinning and they're
circling and they like
this thing. And what's interesting too
is it looks like some other kind of
white particles. I don't know what they
are, but they almost look like rose
petals.
When the doves are doing that, there's
other little white—you know how
you can drop a flower petal and it
floats or it even falls, but it's
like a feather?
It's like it glides down.
And as these doves do that, these
white-looking petals or feathers or
whatever they are are floating down
beside them kind of like snow, but
they're thick and they're big.
And I can see them floating with them as
they go down and they just
disappear and
it's like it spreads.
So I always think that's interesting
because
they do it every single time.
I've seen that. How many times have I
seen that now, babe?
Yeah,
you've
seen it quite a bit. Three,
four, or five times? I mean, a lot.
It's a lot. Braden always told me it's
a lot. It's like four or five of
those
things.
I always say that it's over the top. My
son, he keeps track of everything pretty
good. I told him, I said, 'Braden,
I'm proud of you.'He archives
all the visions I have, all the
things the Lord gives me. Braden keeps
a list of it and really tries to
archive it and make sure, and he logs
it and makes sure, and he goes back to
it and he knows immediately.
He
never forgets the words. He even
remembers the words I don't remember.
And he goes, 'Don't you remember
this?'And
he'll go back, 'This
is the date.'And he goes through it.
I go, 'Wow, God gave you a
gift.'So,
very, very talented young man.
I told him, I said, 'Well, okay, praise
the
Lord.'I
remember,
so okay, does
anyone
have any questions
about it?
He said there's no longer a
day—any
of them will come today. Yep,
that's what he said. He said there's no
longer a day of time.
There's no longer a day.
He was talking about the timeframe
that
this dispensation of grace is
coming in; the sun is setting on this
dispensation. It's—the day is over.
We're out of time.
The hourglass, the sand, there was
nothing left in it.
I've seen it several times. You know how
you turn a sandglass and it's
pouring down? You see the sand
is—there's
nothing left.
And some people get so upset about
three
years. What I'm praying for.
Some people get so upset even if it was
10 years. That is nothing. Like I said,
this year went by so fast. I'm like, we
need more time. Honestly, I want to see
more people get born again.
Okay, it's back.
Is it back?
It's
back.
Are you sure? Is it unplugged?
Back.
Is it back, guys?
Is it back?
Did I lose y'all?
The devil's such an idiot.
Yep, you're back.
I am.
Okay, you can see me. Yep, I
see
you're back.
How did that happen? I don't know.
I hate him. The phone restarted.
The phone restarted.
How long was I gone?
What did I say last?
Do they remember what I was saying?
Devil, you let go of this stuff and you
get out of here. Like I said, we
need more time. Honestly,
I want to see more people get born
again.
I'm thankful for all 49 of you, but we
need a bigger net. That's what I said. I
was talking about the souls coming in.
So, we need more.
It's exciting. It's what's
on—the
harvest is
the Father's heart.
Nothing else matters. Finances don't
matter. I'm telling you
the most important thing to our
Lord, our Savior, is the soul of man,
His children.
Nothing else matters.
He wants every one of us to come to Him.
And
as a good father should, He's always
looking.
He's always looking in the
backfield.
When I saw those sheep running
and His face was longing
for some of those people that were so
lost and so bound by the enemy. And He
was looking at them and He wanted so
badly that they all come to repentance,
all of them. And I'll never forget His
face sometime. He looks like He's
longing.
He's like, 'I want
those
people.'But
everybody has free will.
Everybody has free will. You have free
will.
So
we pray for President Trump.
I thought that was really interesting
who all was at the White House and we
pray for him. We pray for his
protection whether that's this
party. But isn't that interesting, the
gold cups like that? They said, 'Well,
Brandon,
I don't know if that's something
that's protocol or if it was a special
occasion.'I
mean, isn't that amazing?
The gold at the top, it's thick, just
like the vision. Everything was perfect.
It was all—and I thought, isn't that
amazing?
Detail is important to me,
how He shows us detail
to pray.
You'll have to make that a Short and
put that on X. Yeah. The
cups.
Oh, yes.
So we pray for everything else is
important. So all right, who wants to
go praying now? Father, I thank you,
Father, for your body that was broken
for us.
Lord, we thank you for all that you've
done and all that you're going to do.
I thank you, Father, for this video. I
thank you, Father, for the people that
are here tonight. And we call healing and
wholeness and wellness over their
bodies.
There's so many people that are dealing
with so much right now, Lord, and they
just need hope.
They just need fresh air.
They just need a breath of fresh air.
They just need to know, Father, that
you've
not left them. You've not forsaken them.
And Father, I thank you that they don't
become weary in
well-doing.
Many of them are going through divorces.
Many of them have wayward children.
Many of them are
having hard times even in their marriage
and want a divorce.
But either way, Father, you bring
that fresh touch to their lives,
and you restore what the cankerworm had
tried to eat.
I believe, God, that you're a restorer.
You said we could
call back double what the devil stole.
And I want to say that to the people who
said, 'Well, the Lord allowed Job
to go through all that.'I want you to
go look at what the Bible says: that
which
Job feared the most
came
upon him.
God didn't do that.
God
didn't have a covenant with Job.
There was no covenant;
Abraham hadn't come; none of that stuff
had happened yet.
Do you understand? There's so much to
that. People always quote, 'Well, Job
went through all
this.'There
was no authority
of the believer. There was nothing.
We're under authority. We have authority
over the devil.
We're underneath a whole
different thing now.
And I'm going to tell you this: there's
no sickness in heaven. God does not put
sickness on His people.
God does not.
But that which Job feared the most came
on him. He opened the door through fear.
Fear is faith in the ability of that
which is to come. You have more faith
in the ability
of the devil doing that than God to
protect you.
And Job sacrificed over
and over and over again. Worried about
his kids, worried about all this stuff.
And that which he feared the most
came
on him. He opened the door through fear.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the
body.
We lift up the body before you.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've
done for us.
Thank you, Father, for protecting
our president. Thank you, Lord, that
he had the same gold cup in his hand
and nothing shall by any means hurt him.
Thank you, Lord, that you have a plan
for his life, and that you would show us the
cups; you would show us mercy. You showed
us the prince. You showed us all these
things. And Lord, we know that
which is to come. We believe we're in
the end times, Lord, because of the
things that you've already said, even in
your word.
And Lord, we're looking up
because we know our redemption draws
nigh.
And we take this body right now in the
name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that by your
stripes, we're healed. By your stripes,
we're whole. By your stripes, we're well,
and we walk in divine health in the name
of Jesus.
We take the body
now. Lord,
we apply the blood. We make much of the
blood. The blood makes much of us.
We thank you for the blood tonight.
We thank you for the cleansing flow.
We apply the blood, and we thank you,
Lord, that it washes us white as snow,
and we stay on that little
narrow path.
We don't want to be on the wide.
We want to be following you. We're
sold out to you.
And you said, 'Those that seek me will
find
me,'and
we will find you.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us.
And we thank you, Lord, that no
sickness, no disease, nothing comes
nigh us. Not only that, we believe for
divine protection. Father, you
provide for us. You said that you would
provide all our needs according to your
riches and glory by Christ Jesus. Some
people are believing for Thanksgiving
dinner. Some people are believing for
their bills. Some people are believing
for extra because they want to buy Christmas
for their kids. There
are
so many people with so many
needs.
But we know, Father, that you're the
great provider,
and you'll give us creative ideas to get
wealth.
And Father, you said to pray over the
Supreme Court Justices, that they would
rule in favor
of
the
tariffs.
You said this is what needs to
happen. So we pray over our economy. We
pray for the crypto and the things to
turn around. We pray over the finances
for a great outpouring of your
supernatural finances in the name of
Jesus. For you said there'll be great
shakeouts and great fakeouts.
And I believe we're seeing that right
now.
That's
my opinion.
And Father, I thank you, Lord,
for the blood. And we take this blood
right now in the name of Jesus. And we
are
always in the right place at the
right time,
doing exactly what you've asked us to
do.
Thank you, Lord.
Lord, we worship you.
Lord, we thank you.
I plead the blood over my eyes, Father.
I apply the blood. I put anointing
oil over me. And I thank you that my cup
runneth over.
Surely goodness and mercy follow me.
And I thank you, Lord, that we dwell in
the
house of the Lord forever.
That we hear and see everything that you
have for us.
And I'll not be snared by any satanic or
demonic force.
I only see what you want me to see.
And if there's nothing for me to see
but you want to share it all, Father,
that's fine.
We just love on you, Lord.
We just love on you. And we thank you for
what you showed us even a couple of days
ago.
We're so grateful.
We're
so
grateful.
We know we can't do any of this without
you.
We're solely sold out to you and waiting
on you.
We're never in a hurry.
We're always at
rest,
not in a panic.
There's no performance.
We're not here to perform.
We're here to surrender.
We're not here to perform, Father.
We're here to surrender. And in
that surrender, Father, you become so
real
that we sit at your feet
and we bask in
your presence
like a big walrus laying on
the rock sunbathing. I just sit there
like that, Father. I just sit in your presence. I
say, 'Oh Lord, I want to be so close to
you.
I want to curl up in your lap. I want to
hear your heartbeat. I want to see,
and
I want your breath when
I'm laying on your chest, Father, to
just breathe on me.
Breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe
upon me. Spirit of the Lord,
come breathe upon me.
Breath
of God,
breathe
upon me,
spirit of the Lord.
Thank you, Lord. Come breathe on us.
Yielding to the spirit,
walking
in your love.
Jesus,
I
adore your holy
name.
Come breathe
upon me.
Breath of God,
breathe upon me.
Spirit of the Lord,
I thank you, Holy Spirit, that you
become so real.
You become so real.
I
tried
to tell you all how real he
is;
he's barrel-chested. I've told you
he is amazing.
The outline of him.
Oh Father,
oh Lord,
you're beautiful.
Your face
is all
I seek.
And when
your eyes
are on this
child,
I just thank you, Father, that you
become real to them.
Jesus,
what a wonder you are.
You are so gentle,
so pure, and so kind.
You
shine
like a bright morning star.
Jesus,
what a wonder you are.
you're the sweetest name of all.
Jesus,
you always hear me when I call.
you lift me up each time I fall.
You're the sweetest,
sweetest name of all.
Jesus,
you're the sweetest
name of all.
Jesus,
you always hear me when I call.
you lift me up each time I
fall.
You're the sweetest,
sweetest name of all.
Father, we are so grateful.
You're so wonderful
and you're worthy to be praised,
and we enter into your presence with
thanksgiving and praise. Father, we
thank you, Lord, for all that you've
done and all that you've provided, all
that you've done for us, Father, for
you are good. And if you'd never done
anything else, Father,
at the moment I take my
last breath
that I get to spend eternity with you,
Lord, you've done so much.
At the moment I take my last breath on
this earth,
to be absent from the body is to be
present with you.
For you have paid the ultimate price for
all of us to walk in victory,
for all of us to walk in boldness and
say that the moment we take our
last breath, we get to come be with you.
And not only
did you give me a place,
you made me a mansion.
You provided me a place in glory.
Thank you, Lord.
Father, we're so grateful.
Oh Lord,
we're
so grateful.
For Father, we worship you freely. We
love you.
You're going to see
in the days ahead
the five-fold ministry
like you've never seen it. I keep
hearing it.
You're about to see the prophetic move
in a way you've never seen it move
before.
True prophetic. There's been a lot of
not true, but a real sold-out prophetic. It's
been
too
staticky.
But you're about to see the
manifestation of the prophetic gifting
like it was designed to operate
in a greater capacity.
Hold fast to that which I've
called you to do.
Hold fast at last, for the manifestations
will flow through you.
Hold fast
at last,
for I am coming for you.
It's time to run.
For it's time to come to the
Son.
It's time to
come. No more delay. For the
day is
late; the hour
is late.
It's all the way
around—the
glory
of your presence.
We people
give you reverence.
You've not experienced services;
you've not experienced in church
services what you're about to
experience.
For it will be a grace
explosion—something
you didn't earn and something
you didn't deserve. What you're about to
experience in services
where
I see Kathryn, they would
believe that everyone in the service
would be healed.
There's been very few of
these,
but it will become the norm
that
everyone who
asks
will have the manifestation of
healing.
You'll have to resist healing
not to get it.
It will be like a ripe cherry
off a tree; you just walk in it.
The glory, the presence, and the glory of
the Lord will be on services so strong
that the very atmosphere will be
charged. I'm telling you, demonic
forces
will flee.
It's the
fire shut up in your bones.
It's about you seeing a showing
up and showing off
like shock and awe.
Shock and awe
to the unbelievers.
I see deliverances with people
with great demonic strongholds.
Witches
coming in to try to mess with the
services, and as they come in,
they're free from those demonic spirits.
I'm talking about just
melting.
When you come into the glory,
those devils can't go in there.
They'll be
freaking out.
You have a devil going 'Ah!'and
he doesn't
want to go in there. That's what
I'm seeing.
He's freaking out and they're
pulling
back because of the glory. It's almost like
when you go through a portal
and that devil can't go in there because
of
the glory. There's a place in God
the devil dare not go.
There is a place in the glory,
and as the people walk in, that devil
gets
pulled back off of them.
It's like a force field
and they're able to come in and
they're free. That's what I'm
seeing: people delivered in services. You see
them and
they
cry,
'Devil, come
out!'It's
like they're
wrestling; I'm talking
about supernatural deliverances.
People walking in without spot or
wrinkle.
Spot is demonic oppression;
the wrinkles are hidden sin.
Sell
out
to Him
and it will last.
You'll
be undone.
You're just sold out; you're
wrecked.
The Holy
Spirit
is all over you.
You're saturated
until
your cup is overflowing.
Days of heaven on earth.
Oh, Father,
we've heard it so much and you tell me
to keep saying it. When, Lord?
For
the
best
thing.
A great shaking is coming.
You'll see it in the churches.
He's purifying the churches—the final
touches.
Don't be shocked
when you see
some of the names that you will see,
for I've warned them
to come back to me, but they have gone far from me.
They have their agenda
using my name and the platform that I gave
them.
It
will
go through Australia like a
whirlwind.
A major revival
will come to Australia, New Zealand,
this area, the deep, deep south.
Even in
Canada, watch these days ahead
and even in
Europe. The great places
in
Europe—Rome,
the
Vatican—He's
had enough of it.
For great revival will come to
Catholicism,
and they will have true
repentance.
A
true
heartfelt turn. Many good people
have been blinded by so much
religion,
man's theology, and man's ideas. But this
will be just a Holy Spirit movement.
Holy Spirit,
have your way.
Have your own way, Lord.
You are the potter;
we are the clay.
It's been suppressed and you've
been lied to.
You're
made to think what
they want you to think,
but freedom is coming.
It's not about
how
we structure it; God is
going to shake the
church
to its
core.
A
great revival will
soar; a great revival will
flow.
Throughout Europe is bondage.
It's going through the
Catholic Church
and
other churches, but there's been a lot
of bondage
and
abuse of power.
God's bringing liberation to
hearts
where you have been wounded by the
churches.
God's bringing a fresh, clean start.
Come unto me, all ye that are heavy
laden,
and I will give you rest.
The Lord wants to give you a fresh, clean
start.
As I said, I can't stand religion;
I love relationship.
So many
men's
hermeneutical, theosophical,
Pharisee thinking—the way everybody
tried to manipulate and twist scripture
to make you believe a certain way. But
God wants you to have freedom in Him and
a
love relationship with Jesus. The
Bible is
always a guideline and
outline.
But when you read it, you
read it freely
and it ministers to your spirit.
Out of your belly shall flow rivers of
living water. But people try to take
scripture to manipulate you.
They'll twist it. There
is
corruption
in the church
to
manipulate people to do what they think
they should do.
But
the Lord said He's bringing freedom,
for whom the Son has set free
is free indeed.
I didn't say be rebellious,
but be free in Jesus.
Jesus came to set the captives free.
He didn't come to make religion boring
and bound.
It's
holy communion,
and it's about
relationship.
It's about him.
"Come to him, all ye that are
heavy laden, and he'll give you rest."There
are
so many people
bound by their grandma's
religion, but
he came
to set the captives free.
He wants you to plop down at his feet,
sit in his lap, and say, "Daddy, I
am
broken. I need help
today."Not
through a priest,
not through Mary,
but
through Jesus.
He is the way, the truth, and the life.
No one comes to the Father except
through him. I want Jesus.
Precious Jesus.
Thank you, Lord,
that I don't have to have a priest
to confess my sins.
I just confess my sins
before you because you're making
intercession for me. I say, "Jesus,
forgive me. I've messed up
today."You
have the ability to sit at his feet.
Jesus loves you. Read the
book of
Ephesians.
We are joint heirs with Jesus Christ,
made in his image, seated with him
far above the principalities
and
powers.
Do you understand? As he is, so are we
in this world.
In him.
Father, I thank you
that I
can come into your throne room boldly.
I don't have to have a pastor,
prophet, teacher, or evangelist;
I come before you.
Jesus
paid the price for me to do so,
for
every single one of us.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
The anointing is so
strong, but I'm trying to find the vein
where
he wants me
to go.
I see somebody watching right now and
you're just weeping before the Lord.
You're sitting on a couch,
broken down
by religion and people,
hurt over and over again.
You're watching me on TV.
Come unto
him
and I will give you rest.
Take
my yoke upon you.
I am meek and lowly,
and my burden is burden is light.
Father, I thank you that your yoke is
easy.
Lord, we give you praise.
I don't really know what direction to
go. He's not saying to
be still.
I feel the presence
just
like fire. It's heat
on me.
Thank you, Father, for your glory.
We thank you for the blood, Lord.
We pray over the next week,
over
all the travelers
in America
going to
family's
houses,
going to grandma's, going wherever.
We thank you, Father, that you
protect the people on the flights and
the
road travelers,
for we are given a time of Thanksgiving.
Father, I thank you
that you put a divine hedge around the
people, even on Black Friday, against mass
casualties through
shootings.
Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over
the Christmas shoppers at
the
Mall of America
and
the
malls all around. We pray over
Atlanta's airport tonight.
We pray a hedge around
Atlanta, Houston,
and
all the airports
like
LA. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that the
TSA,
the people who check the bags,
would be more attentive than ever,
that they would be watching and
would not be
lackadaisical in their jobs.
Father, we pray over the Macy's
Thanksgiving Day Parade,
the tree lighting ceremonies,
and the
beautiful Christmas events in the
days ahead. We pray a hedge around
Australia; it's not just
about America. We pray
for
Europe and the major
events,
like
the
Christmas Eve mass
at the Vatican.
Is this Pope Leo's first
Christmas Eve mass?
Yes, it is.
We pray a covering over the mass
there, Father, that no weapon
formed against the people
gathered
will prosper.
We pray that every single
person be protected
at
sporting events
and
college events. We thank you, Lord, for
your angels watching over us
daily.
We pray over every single event.
There's a protection over us in
Jesus'name,
over this nation,
over our president.
In
Jesus'name,
we give you glory, honor, and praise.
It's interesting;
I've only prayed
about 40 minutes.
It's not dry
because
I feel his
presence. I've been where
you feel like you're
in a cotton field,
but the
presence of
the Lord tonight is different.
There's just peace.
I feel the peace of God. I'm
praying over these events, but I just
feel peace. He's preparing his
people. He
was
talking earlier about
a
major revival again,
a major shaking to awaken.
We
call
the revival forth, calling for the
outpouring. Father, we
thank you
for
it
in
Jesus'name.
I'll end it there.
I don't feel any pull,
so I just keep praying and
follow him.
It's
not performance. There
is
so much performance in church,
worrying
about what people think.
It's just
a
real relationship
flowing.
At
the beginning, I felt the anointing for
the altar call to
pray for the people and tell them
what he said.
I even felt then that I
could have ended the video. It
was
interesting
because
I said, "I want to do this
and that,"and he said, "It's
not your channel, it's mine.
You do what I ask, and I'll
flow with you.
It's not your suggestion; it's what
I
say."I
get it.
He's the potter, I'm the clay.
What do you want today?
I'll do it.
My finances are not
mine;
they're his.
He blesses me, and if he
says, "I want you to help somebody,"I do
it.
I
want to be
a
vessel that is always open
to
whatever the Master says.
Even if
it doesn't make sense, like
Mary said,
"Whatever
he says to do, do
it."Just
pray and
obey.
That's what this channel is about.
I enjoy it.
It's always just a peace and a flow.
If you've
never subscribed to the channel,
it's different every time.
I
always let the Holy Spirit have
free reign.
If you could
subscribe, click the notification bell,
click the like button, and
comment
down below.
I really appreciate every single one of
you. There are 5,200 people here right
now,
and we're so thankful
you
come out even at this
time of night to
seek
the Lord.
I believe it's a blessing.
We'll be back
again tomorrow; I'm
going to be more consistent. I'm praying
for this and seeing what
the Lord has;
I'm excited about it. I think it's
fun and I enjoy it. So, God bless you all,
and I pray that Abba bless you.
Are they still here?
I guess I've answered everything.
They were asking
how tall the angels were.
Oh, they were massive.
Those angels that I saw were probably
100 stories high
or more.
They were so big, like the
new
One World Trade
Center—they
were taller than that.
They filled the sky.
I don't know, maybe
like
a
thousand-story
building.
They were massive, and they
were as wide as they were tall;
they were thick.
Their clothes
were the rain, their skin, everything—it
was
the water.
When you see rainfall from
a distance,
it was shaped like clothes.
That's the outline of them.
The detail of their garment, the detail
of
their
cloak, or whatever they had on,
the rain was darker
looking. The streaks of rain were darker
and lighter to provide contrast.
Their gown, which was like a cloak,
was a lighter rain color than the
darker rain color.
It gave them
depth perception;
that's how you could tell they were
angels.
The streaks
of rain
gave a depth perception of the
outline of their being.
The silhouettes of
their clothing looked
like robes,
but it was all a dark purple color,
like streaks of
dark rain.
It's
so hard to describe the
spirit
sometimes.
It's a vision, but I try to bring it
alive to you.
Pinks,
layers of different colors of rain,
and
streaks.
Does that make sense to you, son?
It's like the fabric of the
clothes. There you go.
Different colors, shades,
and
depth.
It folded like
the
crease
in my shirt,
but it was
raining;
I could see streaks.
The most
bizarre part was what was in the
center of them:
a huge stream of water
that looked so wild.
When you're at a
waterfall
and it hits the water below,
it
creates
a mist. It
looks like a thickness of water because
it's
being disturbed,
almost like
white water
from
the
splashes. The
waterfall
makes
a
stirring. You can see it as it goes
over and hits the water below
because the water's moving.
That's the way it was.
As it was coming out of them, the water
was disturbed at the bottom
as it flowed into the
ocean.
The water had force and weight.
You could see the
streaks like
a real
waterfall
coming out of their chest.
There was no beginning to the water; it
was just pouring out of them
and hitting the sea,
causing a commotion like
Niagara Falls. There
was
disruption in
the
water,
but they were water. Their face
was shaped similarly to
a hooded
cloak,
like
Little Red Riding Hood. It comes to a
point and folds. That's how
it was on
their face; it
came to a point
like a V.
Behind their face
were
different dark
shades.
I saw blacks and blues
where the eyes would be,
but you couldn't see
any
eyes. It was just one solid
color
you could get lost in.
There was no face
to this.
I don't understand,
but you could see the point of the cloak
in
the rain, how it was all outlined. It went
down like a V,
covering where the eyes would be,
as if
they were
looking out over the water. Then
I saw the hands, which were shaped
almost
skeletal.
That's
exactly how it looked.
You couldn't see their eyes,
but
you could see
the
V
shape
cloaked over as they
looked
down. Then
I heard them say,
'Woe,
woe!'It
shot through the land.
'Woe,
America, woe!'I heard it,
and it sounded like a tidal wave.
I went, 'Oh
no!'Then
I saw their arms pull back. A
long
horn
was
in his hand, and he
took both hands and
blew
it.
A
blast came out of it, the
earth
shook,
and I heard the Father say, 'The great
and terrible day of the
Lord.'It
shook
everything.
It sounded like thunder.
His voice sounded like rolling thunder
in the
atmosphere,
like many
waters. It
thundered
across you;
it wasn't
just one word,
but
an
echo.
I knew the source of it.
The angels were toward the east, and the
voice was above them.
It was loud
and
sounded like trains or
a thundering
roar.
It was very ominous
and
spooky.
When
the earth was roaring,
it sounded like something out of
hell.
Those four angels
all looked the same,
like they were
cookie-cutter,
but only one had a horn. This one was not as strong, but he had the horn.
The southernmost angel, closer to the islands toward the east, was the
only one I saw with a horn.
I only
heard one blow it.
Isn't that
wild?
Did I describe it better?
Hear
that
thunder?
Abba!
I'm telling you,
God shows up for us.
That thunder
just goes with it.
All glory to Jesus;
He loves us.
Are
they
asking if
I
saw anyone else in
vision?
No, it was only him, and he was
sweating in a panic.
But what was funny is his hair was
curly.
It looked
like brown reddish curls, but his
hair was poofy and it went down to
right over his eyes. Like, there it is.
That's it right there.
I didn't know his hair looked like that.
Yeah.
Well, that's what he looked like in the
bunker.
Sometime I think he
cut it once before, but his hair
looked like that and it was longer.
It was a little poofier
and he was sweating. Isn't that
interesting though? Why him?
Why did I see him in a bunker?
But then I saw people in the side of
mountains hiding themselves in the sides
of cliffs, and I couldn't see who they
were, but there was lots of them.
And the Lord said,
"The lust
of
money."What
did he say about that, son?
He had such a lust for it, you
know.
He said there's such a lust of
money;
it's a stench to me.
I remember seeing
that;
amazing Braden remembers all
of it.
I was so focused on the angels and not
wanting to forget them
because I've never seen anything like
them before.
All the angels I've ever seen
never look like that.
Never.
They always look beautiful and shiny and
happy.
These angel things, whatever that was, if
they were demons, I don't know what they
were. But I'm going to tell you this:
they were spooky.
And I thought, "Whoa, that's not what I
thought an angel looked
like."Rays
coming out of... what is that?
But I knew that it had to be some kind
of angel; it was either that or a demon. But
why would a demon be blowing a
horn,
you know?
I just try to make sense of it.
And you smell
the fish.
Oh, I could smell the fish. It smelled
like rotten flesh. It was the
most nauseating smell. In fact, after
the video, my stomach felt sick
because
of how it made me feel, because I could
smell it. It made me feel gross.
It was so real to me.
You know, your mind is powerful. And I
didn't smell dead fish, but in my
spirit, I smelled dead
fish. And the people... and what
I thought was interesting was the
disease and the sickness
that it brought on the islands
because
there were sick people lying all
over the place.
You know, when you have rotten, decaying
fish flesh or whatever,
it brings flies and pestilence.
You know, flies are gross and they were
eating the maggots... it's
just foul.
Dead fish everywhere, and
just like it does anything, nature
eats it.
But it's all on the banks;
they were everywhere.
And I remember this, I could see in the
vision that the government didn't know
what to do with all of it
on
those islands. "What do we
do? There's no way we can even dispose
of this.
There's billions of
fish."So
they just let
them sit on the beach
because there was literally
nothing you could do with all the dead
fish,
the whales and all this stuff. So they
just let it rot.
You couldn't even scoop it all up. What
were they going to do? Bury it?
You can't bury that much dead fish.
But it was interesting. This is
something interesting. And I didn't
say
the water looked murky.
It had a weird brownish tint to it, a
reddish-brown
tint that looked similar
to blood.
It was a dark murky color like
that, dark like ocean blue.
But this looked a weird color
as the fish were moving on the waves.
Now, I don't know why,
but something happened to the water.
It was different; it looked thicker
because of the fact the fish were
floating on it
and it looked disgusting
because they're all sizes of fish.
Little fish, big fish, massive fish and
they're all dead and they're moving.
Octopuses.
Yes, everything. I'm
talking
all sea life dead, moving.
And it was disgusting.
It
was,
but what was amazing is as you
were looking, it was as far as the eye
could see were dead fish.
And then he showed me...
that was the smoke and the volcanoes,
and I can keep going over it y'all, but
it's
just a really,
really powerful vision;
I've never seen that before.
So,
I try to find scripture to back it. You
know, I am always seeing stuff without
backing it with the word of God.
You know,
where is it in the word? What is this?
When it comes to visions of warnings and
stuff, I know that's not going to be in
the Bible.
He shows us things to come. We can
pray over it like the Trump's gold cup
and all that, but when it comes to
angels and things you're seeing in the
end times and dead fish,
you're going, "Okay,
where's
this at in the word?""What
does
this... show me
this in the Bible."Because you don't want
to get flaky,
because
it's easy to do. People get flaky and
I don't want to be part of the static.
I just want to flow with the Holy Spirit
and bring clarity and be more like
Jesus every day. And I'm telling you,
and people miss it.
I'm not here to say I'm perfect.
But
I really truly believe that was
from the Lord. Jesus playing his drum
and calling the people in.
And I just pray with all my heart
you've
found him.
He loves you.
He has a plan for your life.
So
good.
Nothing else.
I don't answer rude questions or
weirdness.
But
it's kind of a different video tonight,
but it is
late.
What are you showing?
You're doing the Ten Commandments. He's
trying to show the Ten Commandments.
It doesn't
look like that, son. It didn't;
it was darker. Right. Well, because
the
sea is already dark. Yes, because it's deep.
Right. So, it already had a
really dark tint of blue because it already
is dark blue. But this looked a
weird color.
They're asking if you think it's
Wormwood.
It could be.
I didn't hear "Wormwood".
He said, "Great."And so what I heard the
Lord say was "The great and
terrible day of the Lord."And so I'd go,
"What? Okay. Wow."You know,
the shakings and the awakenings and all
the things. I'm like, man,
I don't know. I think it's just cool.
I just know that
when we read
the Book of Revelation
and
we study it
and we know what the Bible says is
coming,
it's hard to fathom
with the natural mind seeing what the
Book of Revelation says
because it's like we're so used to
Hollywood;
it desensitizes us from things. But we
have a natural... like the scorpion,
the locust coming out of the pit and
the four horsemen of the
Apocalypse, we can
visualize it
by our imagination.
But whenever I see what I see,
it's the Book of Revelation coming
alive in my spirit.
It's no longer just words on a page.
It's coming in my spiritual
eye
as I read it to renew me.
It's something that I'm seeing in the
spirit by the hand of God
giving me to show me something that I
believe is a glimpse of reality in the
near future.
It becomes more than just black and
white.
It becomes a vision to me and
that's
why it's life-changing.
Probably like somebody who goes to
Israel and walks the Holy Land and sees
where Jesus walked. The pages become
alive to you.
It's no longer you're reading the red
and you're hearing about where Jesus
walked. You actually have a tangible
experience of seeing the Sea of Galilee.
It's probably what those people that go
to Israel... I've never been to Israel;
I've always wanted to. I'm kind of
freaked out about it now with all the
stuff going on, but
I'm sure that's what it looks like to
see
the Mount of Olives or
those pages become real to you.
It's no longer just black and white and
red letters.
It becomes tangible.
When you see the tomb
and you say, "This is where Jesus
died,"and
you go, "it's no longer... this is
real."That's
what it does to me when I have
the visitation like that.
It's no longer
pages; it's real
because
I can visualize what's coming in my spirit now.
That's why I try to
tell you about the Antichrist over and
over again—what I've seen
about the chip,
the mark, and
the
satellites that John
didn't have the words for. Nobody knew
what
that was 2,000 years ago or how this
would take place. How does a sore
come on your forehead? How does that
happen? It's
a
reaction in the body.
It's interesting;
he's seeing a vision and doesn't know
what he's seeing
because he's seeing so far into the future that
the
technological advancement
has not arrived yet. Just like
Daniel,
they don't know what they're seeing, but
they're writing it down and being
obedient, even if
it doesn't
make sense to
them.
Scorpions with tails,
locusts, and all this stuff—they're
thinking,
"What is all this?"But it
could be drones.
I could hear the drones;
they
were loud. They don't know what a drone
is, but it looks like a locust.
I saw thousands of drones flying in
the sky, all created to
track the human race
for the Antichrist in the days ahead.
They used them, and it sounds like a
buzzing swarm of bees; you
knew when they were coming. There
are
literally tens of thousands of drones
flying
in
a swarm.
I guarantee if John were here now,
he'd say, "That's what I saw."They
were
locusts; they're drones.
The reality of what he saw and
wrote in the
Word will become reality. If he
were
here right now, he'd say, "I'm
telling y'all, his drones were what I
saw,"or
helicopters, or jets, and
he'd
be
amazed.
The prophetic is very interesting to me.
The more I grow and the more He shows me,
I'm just thankful that He visits.
God bless you all. I pray this
video blessed you tonight.
Thank you for sticking around with me
and just listening and talking.
I love you all. Thank you for your
support and for praying with me.
We'll keep
praying. I didn't
have many fun
things for you tonight, but
I'm not here to perform. I just show you
what Jesus says.
God bless you all. Remember:
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much and
we love you. God bless you all and we'll
see you again soon. Bye-bye.